chore(docs): EVM Compatibility page and changelog reformat (#176)
informalsystems/emerald: docs/operational-docs/src/architecture/evm-compatibility.md

# EVM Compatibility

> Emerald is an EVM compatible chain, allowing developers to deploy smart contracts and query the RPC endpoints of standard EVM execution environments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emerald is an EVM-compatible chain. Developers can deploy standard EVM smart contracts and interact with the network using familiar Ethereum JSON-RPC APIs and tooling.
```

> Emerald, as of the latest release (0.2.0) targetting the Osaka EVM hardfork. Compared to Osaka there are a few notable differences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of the v0.2.0 release, Emerald targets the Osaka EVM hardfork. While Emerald closely follows Osaka semantics, there are several important differences to be aware of.
```
